Fix the code examples (#92)
WordPress/wpcs-docs: wordpress-coding-standards/php.md

```php
function foo() {
	?>
	<div>
		<?php
		echo esc_html(
			bar(
				$baz,
				$bat
			)
		);
		?>
	</div>

> 	<?php

Reviewer: This may need a check that the tabs in code examples in markdown are handled correctly when the page gets converted to the handbook.

In my experience spaces are the way to go with markdown, but this is kind of a special set up, so I'm not sure.

When more words are needed to describe the function parameters, an `$args` array may be a better pattern.

```php
function eat( $what, $args ) {
...
}
eat ( 'noodles', array( 'speed' => 'moderate' ) );
```

> Be careful when using this pattern, as it can lead to "Undefined array index" notices in your code if proper checks are not set in place. Use this pattern only where it makes sense (i.e. multiple possible arguments), not just for the sake of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful when using this pattern, as it can lead to "Undefined array index" notices if input isn't validated before use. Use this pattern only where it makes sense (i.e. multiple possible arguments), not just for the sake of it.
```

Correct:

```php
if ( 0 === strpos( $text, 'WordPress' ) ) {

> 	echo esc_html__( 'Yay WordPress!' );

Reviewer 2: Should one of these examples have a textdomain?

Author: I'd leave it without because it's mostly intended to be used for WP core.

Do you agree with that @GaryJones ?

Reviewer 2: > The purpose of the WordPress Coding Standards is to create a baseline for collaboration and review within various aspects of the WordPress open source project and community, from core code to themes to plugins.
>
> The WordPress community developed the standards contained in this section of the handbook, and those standards are part of the best practices that developers and core contributors are recommended to follow.
> — https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/wordpress-coding-standards/ 

I bet there would be far more non-Core developers (i.e. plugin and theme developers) looking at these docs, than WP Core developers or Core contributors, so if we're going to emphasise best practices and expectations, and we have examples like [this](https://github.com/WordPress/wpcs-docs/pull/92/files#diff-b06b02910dcd169873e32c65fc4a0528d9b7ba05e553e2718f57b88d2bd5ab88R169) which already includes textdomains, then it would make sense to be consistent?

Reviewer 2: We're also using `esc_html__()` here, yet Core would use `__()` as they don't consider bad/suspicious translations to be a risk, so it's clearly tailored towards non-Core developers; not including the textdomain makes it an example that isn't accurate for either group of developers.

Author: I can add a textdomain, not a big problem 🙂 

Would this be better:

```php
	echo esc_html__( 'Yay WordPress!', 'textdomain' );
```

Or should we do something more specific for the textdomain name?

```php

> if ( 0 === strpos( 'WordPress', 'foo' ) ) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if ( 0 === strpos( $text, 'WordPress' ) ) {
```

While I know it is only a code example, that condition could never ever match, so was a bit nonsensical. This makes for a more realistic example.

(here and in the below "incorrect" example)

Reviewer: No need for changes, but I just noticed this uses a Yoda condition in a place where it isn't needed as neither side of the comparison is a variable, so this condition could just be written like `if ( strpos( $text, 'WordPress' ) === 0 ) {`

switch ( $foo ) {
	case 'bar':	      // Correct, an empty case can fall through without comment.
	case 'baz':

> 		echo esc_html( $foo );    // Incorrect, a case with a block must break, return, or have a comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		echo esc_html( $foo ); // Incorrect, a case with a block must break, return, or have a comment.
```

(or maybe the comments should be re-aligned ?)
